yeah
I haven't been eating much
I'm pretty much down to survival
ration
so I'm looking for a sign of
rodents seeing right here kind
of a cave-like formation flying
go back there see what i can
find in the deep canyons of
Arizona desert Nomad Tobias
searches for a source of protein
near his new primitive camp he
hasn't eaten the meal in almost
seven days there's a lot of
debris from rodent activity back
in here I'm seeing little tracks
over there a little bit of
burrowing and so forth runs
really like edges they like to
kind of feel safe i think this
is a decent place to start
making some deadfall traps so
this is kind of how the trap get
set and so I'm going to put the
date is far back under this trap
as I can get it so there's a
little bit of apple on the end
I've got enough Apple to bait
traps but none for myself what
will happen is the critter will
come in and it will see that
bait and we'll start trap pull
on it
and the Rock will fall on it
I'm really depending on getting
something with these traps
because i really don't have any
other protein coming in on just
small little give it basically
the seat